h1. GUARD-PACKR *alpha*

_Guard::Packr automatically compresses/obfuscates javascript files when modified (using Guard + Packr)._

h2. Installation

Add to your @Gemfile@:

<pre>
  gem 'guard-packr'
</pre>

...and @bundle install@.

*Dependencies:*

* *"guard":http://github.com/guard/guard*
* *"packr":http://github.com/jcoglan/packr*

...you will need, but installed by *Bundler* they will be. - Yoda

h2. Setup

Use the *Guard* generator:

<pre>
  $ guard init packr
</pre>

...to generate default *Packr*-guard (with notes) into your @Guardfile@

h2. Usage

In your @Guardfile@, something like:

<pre>
  guard 'packr', :extension => '.packed.js', :shrink_vars => true, :private => true, :base62 => false, :protect => %w[_this that] do
    # == IMPORTANT:
    #
    #   - Ensure that you don't write rules that owerwrite your source files!
    #     To avoid that either use custom "extension" (see above), or temporarily
    #     generated files as source (e.g. app/assets/javascripts => tmp/javascripts).
    #
    #   - This guard should be placed after any javascript processing (guard-sprockets, guard-jammit, etc.)
    #     within your Guardfile - naturally (Packr makes no sense for pre-processing javascript).
    #
    watch('tmp/javascripts/.*\.js')
  end
</pre>

To read more about the *Packr*-options, see "Packr":https://github.com/jcoglan/packr.

When in doubt, see "Guard":https://github.com/guard/guard.

h2. Options

<pre>
  :extension    => '.packed.js'     # File-extension for the packed javascript file.
  :shrink_vars  => true,            # Compress local variable names.
  :private      => true,            # Obfuscate 'private' identifiers, i.e. names beginning with a single underscore.
  :base62       => false,           # Encode the program using base 62.
  :protect      => %w[_this that]   # Variable names to protect from compression.
</pre>

h2. Notes

This gem was developed for a tiny special case at *"Merchii":http://github.com/merchii*, so feel free to send pull-requests with enhancements of any kind (features, bug-fixes, documentation, tests, etc.) to make it better or useful for you as well.

h2. License

Released under the MIT license.
Copyright (c) "Merchii":http://github.com/merchii, "Jonas Grimfelt":http://github.com/grimen
